# Module 8 Journal
I feel that the best way to interpret user needs and implement them into a program is by breaking their needs into simple terms. For example instead of thinking of the entirety of what they want, I can break it down into simple terms to make it easier to understand what they want. This is where user stories come into play. By using user stories, the ideas or features that users want can be broken down into one or many short statements that give a simple explaination of what the users want the project to do. These are then easy to understand by other programmers because they aren't long or drawn out but are straight forwared and to the point.

After working with learning about agile over this term, there are a couple agile processes that I feel would benefit me in the future. One of them has to be working on projects in sprints. By developing using sprints, I feel that I can spread my time evenly on what i need to work on and spend more time on certain features. Another agile process I believe I will incorperate into my future development work would have to be user stories. I feel that using user stories can help me get a better idea of what users want me to implement and will help me not get confused about it down the line. By using these two agile processes I can not only become a better programmer but also produce better programs.

Throughout this class, a major thing that has stood out to me about being a good team member is having good communication with your other team members. There were many examples where there were unexpected changes that happened to the SNHU Travel project, but the one way it was resolved was good communication. If there isnt enough communication between team members so everyone is kept up to date on the progress of the project then there will be some disconnect and confusion between team members. Not only will keeping up good communication help prevent confusion, but I believe it also builds team member trust and a positive atmosphere for members on a team.
